all right I say pull the trigger
obviously I need mean punch someone I
don't mean I thought you said said
Chicago's yes it's like especially after
that Nipsey Hussle guy got killed that's
crazy that's so sad
yeah on video - they have the know I'm
at a hip-hop fan at all but apparently
was very positive like anti violence
like it wasn't like you know thuggy
rapper that was promoting you know drug
dealing and gang violence which I don't
really know if you people do that as
much anymore
I don't know but by all accounts this
guy was loved and uh you know he just
it's just beyond fucked huh just like
that that is still going on in this
world it was if I'm not mistaken he got
into a fight with a guy right and the
guy came back with a gun don't know and
shot him that's what I read I think it
was like a sometimes like those lines
something along those lines because the
this when you hear a better hip-hop
artist gunned down you're like oh is
this some long-standing beef and you
know you know who knows but I think it
was literally a fight that these guys
got it and the guy came back with a gun
and just fucking started unloading which
is it's brutal that's literally how my
father died literally well except with
it was it with a knife which is a much
more hardcore way to go but my dad was
that side of strip club at four o'clock
in the morning got an argument with a
kid you know like a 16 year old kid and
they got to a fistfight you know the kid
came back like an hour later with a
kitchen knife and stabbed him that's
that and it's like God do it also takes
a different type of person to you know
to kill I'm mama I'm up a kid in the
hood who's just ready to pull the
trigger and punch somebody like I'm not
I grew up in a where where where it's
like I was taught while you wait till
they throw the first punch which is a
terrible strategy but the that's sort of
the way that I always it was always like
fistfights in the parking lot with your
friends you weren't trying to really
hurt each other it was you got into an
argument over a video game you went out
back in the parking lot and you beat
each other up for two minutes and then
that was that but guys that are you know
willing to kill somebody over whatever
just an argument to take their life
completely without any
you see they lose sense of the
repercussions of it as well which is
sort of like that's something that I
think would separate most people and go
like are well I want to go to jail
there's cameras I think a giant chunk of
it is how they're but like what
experiences they have growing up like
what happens then are they abused are
they beaten are they around a lot of
violence oh yeah what are they exposed
to and then how much more likely are you
to commit that to push that on to the
next person that's really what it is I
mean that's the vast majority I mean
it's not it's not a shocker that so much
violent crime comes from poor
neighborhoods it's it's like it makes
itself it makes itself of course it's
almost like a virus I agree and III you
know I grew up my mom was extremely
abusive you know and I grew up with a
around a ton of violence a ton of
physical and emotional abuse verbal
abuse always the threat of violence at
the drop of a hat it was it was always
immediately - I'll beat the shit out of
you if you don't do what I say even if
she wasn't being violent and I did I got
the opposite to it I I you know with my
son dude I literally my son I've never
even spanked him I've never smacked him
on the hand I've never I've never even
really yelled at my son um and I don't
think that I got lucky and have a good
kid I do ever could grab a great kid but
I think it's a direct rule you know
correlation to me not being aggressive
with him at all right yeah and I talk
the talking is huge right have little
conversations with them don't just tell
them what to do why yeah and the why if
they don't understand why you know
that's just in general in life people
just in general if they understand why
something there's a real purpose there
and then they do what they're doing you
know with that purpose in mind yeah and
I think little kids they're you know
they're so malleable and sometimes it's
annoying for them to ask why two or
three times and it's easy to lose your
patience but what you realize what
you're you know that's you know I'm a
piece of shit I'll admit I'm the first
one to admit it but the only good thing
I do I think is the fact that I'm
creating this good little person he's a
really good sweet person that I think is
gonna be you know all the shit that I
didn't really have or you know all the
good qualities that I think I you know I
could have maybe had if I was raised the
right way I'm trying to give my son
and I think that's a really big
responsibility and that's why you know
you I feel bad when you see like real
violence like that like fucking people
that are like being really you like dude
I know that person experienced some
crazy shit it's not their fault in a
weird way and it's definitely not you
know I never lived in the worst
neighborhood in the world but I lived in
a shady one for quite a bit you lived in
this place called Jamaica Plain outside
of Boston for about a year my parents
knew immediately we had to get the fuck
out of there
we only I think we stayed maybe a year a
little over a year and we got out of
there as quick as we can but there was
like a lot of break-in and slaughter it
was lower income it wasn't terrible it
wasn't like a gang violence shoot-'em-up
type shit but there was a lot of
criminals yeah a lot of shady shit
poverty it does you know it doesn't have
to be like gangs it just shitty do
poverty makes people do crazy shit it
does and it makes I was never around
kids that were that aggressive like kids
were always trying to fight me and I
just moved there we just moved there
from Florida and I was like fuck I gotta
get out of here and that's what led me
to Marshall or howler 13 okay you know
teenage boy almost a man you're going
through puberty at this point yeah
that's a scary time and there was all
these kids that were just they were so
they were already fucked they're already
doing drugs they're he's just like make
a plain low-income white right and
puerto rican like mostly that mostly
white and Porto Rican it was a lot of it
just a lot of cigarette smokers at 13
kids were smoking cigarettes already
they were drinking all the time I just a
lighted among cigarettes for her when I
was hands that crazy I swear to God like
grape Fitzsimmons lived in a house with
two parents that were chain smokers in
an apartment and they never opened the
windows in the winter are you crazy my
mom never there's no sense my mom smoked
through her entire pregnancy with me dog
yeah I mean they don't look once again
she doesn't know kind of they knew
they'd sorta new jewelry was out on
smoking while you were pregnant I think
in 82 when I was born oh yeah for 82 I'm
67 you your mama zero excuse us I just
my mom was in the 60s man they didn't
know shit the six things that was like
you had to read a book and she's a
little 20 you know yeah my mom my mom
was 20 like that is crying Majan that
how old were you when you first go crazy
40 you're four that's fuck that's so
perfect yeah
such a perfect I was thirty which is but
it's too young and I think my mom was 18
when she had my sister yeah it's just
just the act of weather no wonder when
you start it with if you started at 20
if you start at 40 the act of raising
another human being it just changes who
the fuck you are it just does yeah like
everything switches and gets weird and
then you're like oh I'm responsible for
shaping your life and Italy's helping to
shape your life and if I do a good job
you'll be a good person you'll go out
there and you'll make more good people
and you'll meet good people which is
really what everybody wants at the end
of the day everybody wants